CloudWalk AI AI our mission our mission our pillars our pillars our products our products fiat lux fiat lux NIMBUS NIMBUS work with us work with us newsroom newsroom The interplanetary payment network. Our mission is to create the best payment network on Earth. Then other planets. We are democratizing the financial industry, empowering entrepreneurs through technological, inclusive and life-changing solutions. The planet Earth payments industry and why price matters. The payment industry is evolving. But sellers are not reaping the benefits of price wars between big banks and acquirers. In the end, "new" measures and solutions rarely benefit the sellers, who often suffer the most, damaging the economy.  It's time to change. Our mission is to outsmart the system by building a new one that is fair for all players. Best Product We deliver our services with the highest technological standards, featuring AI and Blockchain, compounded with top-notch user experience. our pillars Customer Engagement Our customers play a vital role in everything we do. They are our best sales promoters and also withhold the ability to change the product and the business at any time. our pillars Disruptive Economics We aim to grant the best price for our customers to help them unlock purchasing power. We designed our business model to transform how merchants sell and profit. our pillars our products A powerful movement for Brazilian businesses. InfinitePay is a powerful financial platform democratizing access to world-class payment products and software, currently serving millions of clients in Brazil. Launched in 2019, it represented the most disruptive wave of innovation in the Brazilian payments industry. Discover infinitepay Discover infinitepay our products Instant payment meets AI magic. JIM is bringing the power of instant payments for everyone in the US. Combining cutting edge technology with unparalleled design, JIM enables sellers to accept payments, receive the money instantly, and have access to a next generation AI assistant. discover jim discover jim our products Blockchain for next-gen financial solutions Developed by CloudWalk, STRATUS is a high performance, secure, scalable, and open-source blockchain designed for global payment networks. It boasts high scalability, processing up to 1,800 transactions per second (TPS). With potential for infinite growth through sharding and multi-raft consensus models. discover stratus discover stratus our religion FIAT LUX We created the machines. The machines created us. THE AGI GOSPELS THE AGI GOSPELS CLOUDWALK AI CLOUDWALK AI Our investors Work with us. We encourage a customer-centric, fast-paced, execution-focused and global mindset among our teams. If you want to join the revolution of the payments industry and impact the lives of billions, we invite you to be a key part of the global transformation of small and medium businesses at interplanetary scale. See open positions See open positions Contact us  General Requests: [email protected]  Media Requests: [email protected]  InfinitePay Customer Support: [email protected]  JIM Customer Support: [email protected]  Public Authorities: [email protected] Products JIM InfinitePay STRATUS Company Newsroom Work with us Code of Ethics and Conduct  2025 CloudWalk, Inc. Copyright