Business Scope | CloudWalk Technology Co., Ltd. 中 EN Home Core Technology PRODUCT CENTER Intelligent Devices Platforms and Systems Intelligent Devices Edge computing equipment Dig AI edge computing device Large Model Training and inference all-in-one machine Face recognition terminal Tablet Gate Controller by Video Face Recognition Desktop Integrated ID Verification Device VisionCloud Data Management Platform Binocular structured light module Polaris Structured Light Module Proxima Centauri Live Safety Relay Proxima Centauri Infrared Binocular Module Network Camera 2MP Face Capture Infrared Zoom Camera 4MP Fully Intelligent Zoom Camera 8MP Fully Intelligent Warm Light Zoom Barrel Camera Smart Container Platforms and Systems Bai Ze Data Aggregation Governance Platform Enlightened Privacy Computing Platform CloudWalk Human-Machine Cooperative Operating System Digital Human Service Platform Galaxy Artificial Intelligence Platform AIoT platform CloudWalk Multimodal Large Model BUSINESS SCOPE Industrial Development Personal Elf Digital China 产业发展 Smart finance Smart business Smart energy Smart manufacturing 个人精灵 Man-computer dialogue Document assistant Knowledge engine Intelligent image creation Digital human Video and image understanding 数字中国 Smart governance Smart travel Intelligent Customs Intelligent Airport Smart transportation Smart city Community operations About Cloudwalk News Center Join Us Click to watch the video About Cloudwalk The National Team of AI: A More Efficient Provider of Man-Machi After years of profound cultivation in the industry, Cloudwalk has successively explored four major business areas, i.e. AI finance, AI governance, AI transportation and AI business. Cloudwalk has become the largest AI supplier in the financial industry, with a market share of 82.8%. Formulating the integrated solutions based on industry-leading AI, cognitive computing and big data technology, Cloudwalk provides intelligent, convenient and user-friendly AI experience for 300 million users around the world every day. As China’s development of new infrastructure deepens, Cloudwalk will always practice its original intention, devote itself to innovatively exploring man-machine coordination, defining AI life and strengthening the potential of mankind, and build a harmonious and warm AI-based future for the world. What does Cloudwalk adhere to We insist that AI, which is always people-oriented, should focus on people’s challenges and pressure and respect people’s emotions and demands. We constantly improve our products and services through the in-depth innovation of AI engineering, so that AI can develop towards a positive direction to truly understand, help and promote people. What does Cloudwalk advocate Advocating the spirit of persistent exploration, pragmatism and daring to do things, we persist in doing one thing till we succeed. We endure the loneliness, seek extraordinariness out of ordinariness, do warm things with a dedicated heart, and persevere to the end till we achieve the intelligent future featuring man-machine coordination. How does Cloudwalk make the world smarter After years of profound cultivation in the world’s cutting-edge industries, Cloudwalk has gained a deep understanding of the demands of users and integrated more forward-looking AI technology with big data technology to provide high-quality and rich integrated solutions in various fields such as finance, governance, transportation, commerce, health care, education and new infrastructure. As the largest AI supplier in the Chinese financial and civil aviation industries, Cloudwalk provides more intelligent, convenient and humanized AI experience for 300 million users around the world every day. What does Cloudwalk strive for Sticking to practice the original intention of founding Cloudwalk, we focus on the innovative exploration of AI engineering and the development of a more powerful super brain. Relying on the world’s leading man-machine coordination platform, we strive to build a brand-new world featuring man-machine harmonious symbiosis and integrated co-creation, in the hope of making life warmer and more intelligent for   every industry, every family and every person, and filling the future world with ubiquitous intelligence. Development History Dr. Zhou Xi led his team to win the championship of world pattern recognition and intelligent recognition competitions six times. 2006-2011 Dr. Zhou Xi was selected into the 100-Person Project of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. 2011-2014 The Chinese Academy of Sciences held a press conference to announce the official establishment of Cloudwalk. 2015 Cloudwalk was designated to participate in the formulation of national and industrial standards with regard to AI. The first airport intelligent system in China was officially launched at Yinchuan Airport. 2016 Cloudwalk undertake the construction of the national project of AI basic resources public service platform. Cloudwalk strategically cooperated with Shanghai Ideal Information Industry (Group) Co., Ltd. to promote the intelligentialization of China Telecom. 2017 The AI technology developed by Cloudwalk was selected by the MIT as the “10 Breakthrough Technologies” in 2018. 2018 Cloudwalk occupied a market share of more than 70% in the banking and airport industries. Cloudwalk was included in the “50 Smartest Companies” (TR50) list of MIT. 2019 The Re-ID technology of Cloudwalk won the first prize in the National Artificial Intelligence Challenge. Cloudwalk was listed in the 2019 Hurun China Top 500 Private Enterprises. 2020 The future is filled with infinite possibilities. Futrue Office Addresses Cloudwalk in Guangzhou Cloudwalk in Guangzhou F5-6, Heung Kong Science and Technology Innovation Center, Nansha District, Guangzhou City Cloudwalk in Chongqing Cloudwalk in Chongqing Liangjiang New Area Digital Economic Industrial Park, Yubei District, Chongqing City Cloudwalk in Shanghai Cloudwalk in Shanghai Zhang Jiang High Tech Park, Pudong New Area, Shanghai City Cloudwalk in Beiijing Cloudwalk in Beiijing Global Trade Center, Dongcheng District, Beijing City Cloudwalk in Suzhou Cloudwalk in Suzhou Artificial Intelligence Industrial Park, Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou City Cloudwalk in Chengdu Cloudwalk in Chengdu Tianfu Jingrong Center, Tianfu New District, Chengdu City Cloudwalk in Naijing Cloudwalk in Naijing China (Nanjing) Software Valley, Ningshuang Road, Yuhuatai High Tech Zone, Nanjing City Cloudwalk in Hangzhou Cloudwalk in Hangzhou Xike Science and Technology Park, Binjiang District, Hangzhou City Consultation Please fill in the form below and our sales representative will contact you as soon as possible. Name E-mail * Tel * City * Company name * Industry * Position * Product/Solution * AI Definition Device Scenario Definition Devices Special Products For Airports Face Scan Payment Terminal In Vivo Modules Intelligent Finance Intelligent Governance Intelligent Transport Intelligent Commerce Budget * Please describe your demands * Submitted successfully Our sales representative will contact you as soon as possible. National Hotline: 400-151-5992 Business Hours: 9:30-18:00 (Beijing time) from Monday to Friday Business Cooperation: business@cloudwalk.com Media Cooperation: Media@cloudwalk.com Channel Cooperation: business_partner@cloudwalk.com Intelligent Finance Intelligent Governance Intelligent Transport Intelligent  Commerce Qingzhou KaaS Cloud Ecosystem About Cloudwalk Core Technologies News Center Join Us Copyright   2020 Guangdong Public Network Security No. 44011502000477 Guangdong ICP No. 15087156 CloudWalk Technology Co., Ltd. Cloudwalk Logo / Terms of Use / Legal Statement 关注我们 扫描二维码,关注云从科技 精彩一手掌握